Scenario for Azure Arc-enabled Kubernetes- Onboarding an Azure Red Hat Open Shift cluster (#1005)
microsoft/azure_arc: docs/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_k8s/aro/_index.md

---
type: docs
title: "Azure Red Hat OpenShift"
linkTitle: "Azure Red Hat OpenShift"

> weight: 11

Reviewer: have this as #5 and update other scenarios accordenly

description: >-

>   If you do not yet have an Azure Red Hat OpenShift cluster, the scenarios in this section will guide on creating an Azure managed OpenShift cluster in order to simulate an "on-premises" cluster in an automated fashion and onboard it as an Azure Arc-enabled Kubernetes cluster in an automated fashion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you do not yet have an Azure Red Hat OpenShift cluster, the scenarios in this section will guide you on how to create an Azure-managed OpenShift cluster in an automated fashion and onboard it as an Azure Arc-enabled Kubernetes cluster.
```

ARO does not simulate "on-premises"
